Summer Dream
This cleaner's dress really suits you
Xia Meng is waiting for you to be kicked out of the Xia Group
Wouldn't it be nice to be a cleaner?
Hey, Mr. Li, you forgot that late summer is blind
Forget the janitors.
I'm afraid it's not enough to go begging on the street
Don't go too far
Li Yangchen
Even if you take the Xia Group from me
With your ability, you will only bankrupt the group
Hmph, I got Mr. Su's appreciation
It is about to get tens of billions of orders for Xia Group
You say I'm incapable
Are you doubting Mr. Su's vision?
Does Mr. Li have any business skills?
I have my own means to tell
It's not Miss Xia's turn to teach me how to do things.
Mr. Li, I have been investing in the stock market recently.
Please help me take a look.
Which of these three stocks should I choose?
Mr. Su, I suggest you buy a Denning battery.
Why have electric vehicles become a trend these days?
Denning is a leading enterprise in lithium batteries
The future is inevitable
The other two stocks
One is traditional manufacturing
One is the cosmetics industry.
I'm not too optimistic about these two.
Give me 1 billion to buy the stock of Dening battery
Yes
Mr. Su
Congratulations to Mr. Su
Just now
The battery has risen by 30 points
Hmm haha
Did you see Xia Meng?
This is my business talent
Hahahaha